Hey everyone.
In this section we're going to be going
over how to boot your
Dragon Board into Fastboot.
Now, there's two easy ways to do it,
one via the software in through ADB,
and the other's through using the actual
switches on the Dragon Board itself.
So let's go ahead and
do the software first.
>> Sure.
So what you first want to do is you want
to be in the same directory as your ADB.
So we're gonna go ahead,
and we're already there.
Click that ./adb devices, and
you see that it's connected via the USB.
So then what we want to do is we
want to boot this into Fastboot, so
we're gonna do ./adb reboot,
and then type in bootloader.
Okay, go ahead and enter.
And what this should do is, it should
restart the Dragon Board into Fastboot.
Now, to check to see if it is in Fastboot,
what you can do is issue this following
Fastboot command, ./fastboot devices.
As you can see here, the same
device in now running in Fastboot.
>> So now,
that's how to do it from the software end.
Now let's go ahead and
do it from the hardware end.
So I'm gonna go ahead and disconnect.
So first you want to make sure that your
board is disconnected and not powered on.
Right?
>> Mm-hm.
>> Next, we're going to take some sort of
wire or some sort of small object, it can
be anything, so long as you can actually
click on these little buttons here.
>> And make sure it is not charged.
>> Yes,
make it sure it's a non-static item.
>> So what you wanna do is you wanna
find this minus button right here.
It should be the the right-most switch
if you look at it from this way.
So looking at a little better view, it's
gonna be this little button right there.
>> Mm-hm.
>> So I'm gonna go ahead and
hold that down.
Next what Jacob's gonna do is he's gonna
go ahead and plug it into the board.
So now, what you wanna do is you
wanna kind of hold it down for
a little bit while at the same time a good
method is to go back to the screen and
check to see if Fastboot devices is on.
>> All right,
we're gonna issue the same command.
>> And we're in fast boot.
So we effectively have two
different methods, one via ADVB,
and the other via the minus button,
the hardware.
So, hope to see you guys in the next
section where we go a little bit more on
where to find Fastboot itself.